About the job
Country

India

Location: 

Building No. 12C, Floor 9,10,11, Building No.12B,Stilit floor,Raheja Mindspace,Hitech City, Madhapur, Hyderabad, India

Role: Senior Specialist

Location: Hyderabad

Full/ Part-time: Full Time

Build a career with confidence

Carrier Global Corporation, global leader in intelligent climate and energy solutions is committed to creating solutions that matter for people and our planet for generations to come. From the beginning, we've led in inventing new technologies and entirely new industries. Today, we continue to lead because we have a world-class, diverse workforce that puts the customer at the center of everything we do.

About The Role

We are seeking a highly motivated Associate Manager to lead the Productivity Pillar within the Global Supply Chain Center of Excellence (COE) at Carrier. This role will focus on managing the reporting of productivity initiatives that drive cost savings across procurement. The successful candidate will oversee the centralization of reporting processes and deliver insightful analytics that support strategic decision-making.

This position combines people management with stakeholder engagement and individual contribution. The Manager will be responsible for day-to-day reporting, transforming reports into actionable insights, and enhancing automation across reporting functions. Collaboration with internal stakeholders to ensure data integrity and effective execution of reporting processes is essential.

Key Responsibilities

As a Associate Manager, you’ll be responsible for:

People Management and Leadership

Lead and manage a team in Business Intelligence, providing guidance, support, and mentorship.
Review team deliverables, set performance expectations, and foster a collaborative high-performance culture.

Reporting and Governance

Collaborate with the team to create Power BI/Excel dashboards for key business metrics and insights on data governance part.
Oversee reporting of fundamental metrics and follow-ups.
Create detailed SOPs for all reports, ensuring reporting logics and assumptions are well-documented.

Project Management and Stakeholder Engagement

Lead specific projects related to master data governance.
Provide regular updates to leadership on project progress.
Work closely with teams and stakeholders to accurately capture requirements for data governance initiatives.

Technical Competencies & Service Delivery Requirements

Utilize supply chain knowledge to enable process mapping and transformation required across data governance.
Demonstrate analytical skills to interpret data sets meaningfully.
Ensure effective communication by understanding requirements and representing data according to business needs.

Automation and Process Improvement

Identify opportunities for automation to enhance data governance and coverage of it.
Implement continuous improvement initiatives to boost team efficiency.

Requirements

As a minimum you must have:

Competitive benefits programs for all employees.
Health insurance and flexible schedules.
Professional development opportunities and Employee Assistance Program.
Master's/Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution.
10+ years of experience in business intelligence or related field, with a strong focus on supply chain management reporting and data governance.
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel is mandatory; knowledge of Power BI or similar tools is preferred but not required.
Excellent business communication (verbal & written), interpersonal skills, and stakeholder management
Proven ability to work collaboratively in a global environment with diverse stakeholders.
Strong analytical skills with an eye for detail to identify issues accurately and articulate observations effectively.
High learning agility, accountability, and effective collaboration skills.
Excellent Eye for detail: The person needs to have the observatory skills to identify the problem in the most accurate manner and articulate the observations.

Benefits

We are committed to offering competitive benefits programs for all of our employees, and enhancing our programs when necessary.

Enjoy your best years with our retirement savings plan
Have peace of mind and body with our health insurance
Make yourself a priority with flexible schedules, parental leave and our holiday purchase scheme
Drive forward your career through professional development opportunities
Achieve your personal goals with our Employee Assistance Programme

Our commitment to you

Our greatest assets are the expertise, creativity and passion of our employees. We strive to provide a great place to work that attracts, develops and retains the best talent, promotes employee engagement, fosters teamwork and ultimately drives innovation for the benefit of our customers. We strive to create an environment where you feel that you belong, with diversity and inclusion as the engine to growth and innovation. We develop and deploy best-in-class programs and practices, providing enriching career opportunities, listening to employee feedback and always challenging ourselves to do better. This is The Carrier Way.

Join us and make a difference.

Apply Now!

Carrier is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.

Job Applicant's Privacy Notice

Click on this link to read the Job Applicant's Privacy Notice